Back to jobs Staff Software Engineer, Frontend Platform
Remote - US Apply Modern Health
Modern Health is a mental health benefits platform for employers. We are the first global mental health solution to offer employees access to one-on-one, group, and self-serve digital resources for their emotional, professional, social, financial, and physical well-being needs—all within a single platform. Whether someone wants to proactively manage stress or treat depression, Modern Health guides people to the right care at the right time. We empower companies to help all their employees be the best version of themselves, and believe in meeting people wherever they are in their mental health journey.
Modern Health is backed by investors like Kleiner Perkins, Founders Fund, John Doerr, Y Combinator, and Battery Ventures and raised more than $170 million in less than two years, making Modern Health the fastest entirely female-founded company in the U.S. to reach Unicorn status.
More about our culture and what you can expect when you join the team:
“It Takes a Village” culture . Modern Health has a unique and unabashed culture centered around high empathy and high accountability - with a drive to win. We are energized by bringing together the best talent in the industry to achieve audacious goals focused on making mental health a strength and priority for all.
We have an obsession to win. We are highly ambitious and passionate about the work that we do.  We take pride in delivering excellence and our personal best and we continuously innovate to uniquely solve our customers’ needs.
We are accountable and can rely on each other. We are a team and hold ourselves and each other accountable. We believe in transparent communication and continuous feedback to foster a culture of trust, reliability, and growth.
We demonstrate empathy. We have a supportive and diverse culture where we bolster and uplift each other as we pursue our lofty goals. We encourage selflessness and a willingness to support others, fostering a collaborative and respectful environment.
We exhibit a bias towards action. This is a fast-paced environment. We jump into problems and initiate solutions. We empower our people to make decisions and experiment, iterate, and repeat until we get it right.
Modern Health is a fully remote workforce and a hyper-growth company that is often recognized for its excellence, winning awards such as World’s Most Innovative Companies of 2023 by Fast Company, Top 25 Companies of San Francisco 2023 , and 2023 Well-Being Trailblazer Award . To protect our culture and help our team stay connected, we require overlapping hours for everyone. While many roles may function from anywhere in the world—see individual job listing for more—US based team members who live outside the Pacific time zone are expected to work at least six hours between 8 am and 5 pm Pacific time each workday.
We are looking for driven, creative, and passionate individuals to join in our mission. An inclusive and diverse culture are key components of mental well-being in the workplace, and that starts with how we build our own team. If you're excited about a role, we'd love to hear from you!
Modern Health
Modern Health is a mental health benefits platform for employers. We are the first solution to cover the full spectrum of mental well-being needs through both evidence-based technology and professional support from a certified coach or therapist. Whether someone wants to proactively manage stress or treat depression, Modern Health guides people to the right care at the right time.
We empower companies to help all of their employees be the best version of themselves, and believe in meeting people wherever they are in their mental health journey. We are a female-founded company, backed by investors like Kleiner Perkins, Founders Fund, John Doerr, and Y Combinator, and partner with companies like Pixar, Gusto, Okta, EA, and Nextdoor that are taking a proactive approach to mental health care for their employees.
Modern Health has raised more than $42 million and is looking for driven, creative, and passionate individuals to join in our mission. An inclusive and diverse culture are key components of mental well-being in the workplace, and that starts with how we build our own team. If you're excited about this role, we'd love to hear from you!
Staff Software Engineer, Frontend Platform
We're looking for a  Staff Frontend Engineer to set the technical foundation and direction for our frontend architecture across web and mobile on the Frontend Platform Team . This is a high-leverage role focused on shaping the patterns, tooling, and systems that every product engineer at Modern Health builds on top of.
You'll lead the evolution of our design system, component libraries, build/CI tooling, accessibility and internationalization (including RTL), and developer experience — ensuring our frontend stack is performant, scalable, and a joy to work in. While your center of gravity