Careers
Departments
Locations
Benefits
Belonging
Emerging Talent
View open roles Careers
Departments
Locations
Benefits
Belonging
Emerging Talent
View open roles
Back to All Jobs People Analytics AI Engineer
Remote - Seattle
ID:JR11566 (for internal use only)
Apply Now People Analytics AI Engineer
Apply Now Samsara's Mission
Improve the safety, efficiency, and sustainability of the operations that power the global economy.
Read Samsara's Culture Playbook
Who we are
Samsara (NYSE: IOT) is the pioneer of the Connected Operations™ Cloud, which is a platform that enables organizations that depend on physical operations to harness Internet of Things (IoT) data to develop actionable insights and improve their operations. At Samsara, we are helping improve the safety, efficiency and sustainability of the physical operations that power our global economy. Representing more than 40% of global GDP, these industries are the infrastructure of our planet, including agriculture, construction, field services, transportation, and manufacturing — and we are excited to help digitally transform their operations at scale.
Working at Samsara means you’ll help define the future of physical operations and be on a team that’s shaping an exciting array of product solutions, including Video-Based Safety, Vehicle Telematics, Apps and Driver Workflows, and Equipment Monitoring. As part of a recently public company, you’ll have the autonomy and support to make an impact as we build for the long term.
About the role:
Samsara’s People team is seeking a technically skilled builder to lead the development, implementation, and maintenance of the tools and systems that power our HR workflows and AI initiatives.
Our People team helps support Samsara by providing accessible, business-oriented HR guidance—achieved through creative problem-solving, excellence in execution, and ethical, empathetic partnership across the company. We cover many areas, from talent acquisition and onboarding to performance management, total rewards, employee relations, workforce planning, and everything in between, and we are powered by an innovative HR operations function that is focused on reimagining how people work gets done. We value intensity, pace, and curiosity—moving quickly to deliver clear, practical solutions while continuously improving how we support the business.
This Staff AI Engineer role sits directly within the People team and acts as the technical bridge between HR professionals, people operations, program managers and the people that build Samsara, You’ll design, develop, and operate secure, scalable applications, automations, and AI workflows that transform manual HR work into efficient, production-grade solutions. If you’re passionate about applying technology and AI to solve complex challenges and scale a modern people function, this is a unique opportunity to make a direct, measurable impact across People and the broader business.
This role is open to candidates residing in the US except the San Francisco Bay Metro Area, NYC Metro Area, and Washington, D.C. Metro Area.
You should apply if:
You want to impact the industries that run our world: Your efforts will result in real-world impact – helping to keep the lights on, get food into grocery stores, reduce emissions, and most importantly, ensure workers return home safely.
You are the architect of your own career: If you put in the work, this role won’t be your last at Samsara. We set up our employees for success and have built a culture that encourages rapid career development, countless opportunities to experiment and master your craft in a hyper growth environment.
You’re energized by our opportunity: The vision we have to digitize large sectors of the global economy requires your full focus and best efforts to bring forth creative, ambitious ideas for our customers.
You want to be with the best: At Samsara, we win together, celebrate together and support each other. You will be surrounded by a high-calibre team that will encourage you to do your best.
In this role, you will:
Partner with People team members and cross-functional stakeholders (including IT and others) to design, build, and maintain HR tech solutions that enhance how we deliver people programs to the business, streamline HR workflows, improve data quality, and drive measurable productivity gains.
Act as a key voice in roadmap planning, experimentation frameworks, and modeling strategy discussions.
Identify gaps in data, tools, and processes — and lead initiatives to close them.
Develop and deploy AI-powered tools and automations that transform core HR processes, such as employee self-service and HR intake, onboarding and offboarding, knowledge retrieval, workforce and headcount planning, performance and talent management, total rewards analysis, and document drafting, analysis, and translation.
Integrate people systems with core enterprise platforms (e.g., Workday, Google Suite, Slack, Salesforce, Greenhouse) to ensure seaml