Back to jobs New Staff Software Engineer-Frontend
Fremont, California, United States Apply Here at Scout Motors, we're carrying forward the heritage of one of the most iconic American vehicles in history. A vehicle dating back to 1960. One that forged the path for future generations of rugged SUVs and trucks and will do so once again.
But Scout is more than just a brand, it’s a legacy steeped in a culture of exploration, caretaking, and hard work.
The Scout brand is all about respect. Respect for the past and the future by taking an iconic American brand that hasn’t been around for a while, electrifying it, digitizing it, and loading it with American innovation. Respect for communities by creating a company that stands for its people and its customers. Respect for both work and play, with vehicles that are equally at home at a camp site, a job site, or on a Tuesday commute. And respect for our customers by developing two powertrains that meet their requirements — an all-electric powertrain as well as the Harvester™ range extender powertrain which includes a built-in gas-powered generator with an estimated 500 miles of combined range.
At Scout Motors, we empower our talented, inclusive, and entrepreneurial teams to innovate. What makes a Scout employee? Someone who is a visionary and a leader, who seeks new paths and shares lessons learned. A knowledgeable doer who collaborates across the company to build better. A go-getter with unrivaled passion.
Join us at Scout Motors and be part of shaping the future of transportation. If you're ready to drive change and make history, apply now!
What you’ll do
As the Staff Software Engineer for Scout Motor’s Engineer for Scout Motor’s digital products, you will be responsible for leading a team of highly skilled software engineers and driving the development of digital solutions for our customers and business partners. Some of the key products as part of digital portfolio are – order management, customer management, marketing, production, inventory and planning optimization, loyalty, merchandise, servicing and repairs, mobile apps, vehicle connectivity, and more. You will work with engineering managers, senior engineers, and cross-functional partners to design the technical underpinnings of the product. At the same time, you’ll have plenty of opportunities to be hands-on building key systems and will be directly responsible for the successful delivery of complex and large-scale technical efforts as well acting as a technical mentor and leader for other engineers.
Become part of an iconic brand that is set to revolutionize the electric pick-up truck & rugged SUV marketplace by achieving the following:
Architect, design, and develop scalable and performant front-end applications for web and mobile platforms
Define and drive implementation of best practices in front-end development, including accessibility, security, testing, performance, and maintainability
M entor engineers on the team , fostering growth and raising the technical bar for front-end engineering
Work with Design and Product teams to deliver seamless and delightful user experiences while balancing technical feasibility and scalability
Make critical decisions on frameworks, tooling, and component architecture to support long-term code health and efficiency
Contribute to the technical roadmap, ensure alignment with business goals, and guide major initiatives from concept to launch
Collaborate with backend and platform engineers to ensure smooth integration and consistency across the digital stack
Be a hands-on contributor while influencing engineering culture and processes across the team
Identify , scope, and lead large technical projects, laying the groundwork for early-stage products to iteratively evolve and scale, and taming complexity and shoring up reliability of existing systems
Assist in calibrating and developing the software engineering team
Recruit and manage a team of software engineers, setting the bar for quality software development
Location & Travel Expectations :
This role will be based out of the Scout Motors location in  Fremont, California.
This role requires occasional attendance in the office, with regular in-person meetings and events.
Applicants should expect that the role will require the ability to convene with Scout colleagues in person and travel to participate in events on behalf of the company from time to time.
Travel : Domestic travel required, valid driver's license required.
What you’ll bring
We expect all Scout employees to have integrity, curiosity, resourcefulness, and strive to exhibit a positive attitude, as well as a growth mindset. You’ll be comfortable with change and flexible in a fast-paced, high-growth environment. You’ll take a collaborative approach to achieve ambitious goals. Here's what else you'll bring:
Education/Certifications: A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Computer Science, or a related technical field
Years of Experience required in type of role:  7+