Back to jobs Senior Machine Learning Engineer
Manhattan, New York, United States Apply At Rockstar Games, we create world-class entertainment experiences.
Become part of a team working on some of the most rewarding, large-scale creative projects to be found in any entertainment medium - all within an inclusive, highly-motivated environment where you can learn and collaborate with some of the most talented people in the industry.
Rockstar Games is on the lookout for a skilled Senior Machine Learning Engineer with strong software development skills who is passionate about games, big data and Machine Learning to join a team that builds Data Science products that directly influences game design, live operations, and player engagement at scale.
This is a full-time, in-office position based out of Rockstar’s NYC headquarters in Downtown Manhattan.
WHAT WE DO
The Rockstar Games Analytics team provides insights and actionable results to a wide variety of stakeholders across the organization in support of their decision making.
We partner with multiple departments across the company, leveraging analytics to measure and improve on the success and health of our games.
We collaborate as a distributed team to develop innovative data pipelines, data products, data models, reports, analyses, and machine learning applications.
The Machine Learning Engineering vertical within the Analytics team is tasked with designing, building, and deploying ML systems in addition to advising other verticals on how to design and build reliable, scalable and, fit for purpose models.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Partner with Data Scientists and business stakeholders to understand analytical & ML needs and translate them into robust ML solutions that enable us to leverage and derive insights.
Design and build end-to-end ML pipelines, including data, features, training and, serving.
Push the boundaries of our ML and Data Science platform by taking advantage of and spearheading cutting-edge advancements in AI and Agentic frameworks.
Set up monitoring, A/B testing, and metrics frameworks to measure real impact.
Perform timely Root Cause Analysis to troubleshoot model and data-related issues; assist in implementation of code and process fixes.
Provide thought leadership and collaborate with other team members to continue to scale our architecture to evolve for the needs of tomorrow.
Contribute to the technical strategy and establishment of best practices within the team.
Develop and support CI/CD processes.
REQUIREMENTS
5+ years of experience building ML systems in production.
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in an engineering or technical field such as Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, or strong quantitative and software background.
Proven track record in building, monitoring, and optimizing large-scale ML solutions and infrastructure.
Experience working in Databricks and Databricks MLflow is essential.
Experience working with pipeline scheduling tools such as Airflow & Astronomer.
Experience working with CI/CD tools such as Terraform and GitHub.
Ability to push the frontier of technology and freely pursue better alternatives.
PLUSES
Please note that these are desirable skills and are not required to apply for the position.
Production experience deploying Databricks Genie AI and other Databricks Agentic solutions
HOW TO APPLY
Please apply with a resume and cover letter demonstrating how you meet the skills above. If we would like to move forward with your application, a Rockstar recruiter will reach out to you to explain next steps and guide you through the process.
Rockstar is committed to creating a work environment that promotes equal opportunity, dignity and respect. In line with this commitment, Rockstar will provide reasonable accommodations to qualified job applicants with disabilities during the recruitment process in order for such applicants to be considered for the position for which they are applying, as well as to qualified employees to enable them to perform the essential functions of their roles. If you need more information about Rockstar’s reasonable accommodation policies or process, or need to request an accommodation, please notify your recruiter during the interview process.
If you’ve got the right skills for the job, we want to hear from you. We encourage applications from all suitable candidates regardless of age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, belief, race, or any other protected category.
#LI-CR
The pay range for this position in New York State (inclusive of New York City) at the start of employment is expected to be between the range below* per year. However, base pay offered is based on market location, and may vary further depending on individualized factors for job candidates, such as job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and other objective business considerations.
Subject to those same considerations, the total compensation package for this position may also include other elements, inc