Back to jobs Senior Software Engineer, Core Platform
Chicago, IL Apply
Reddit is a community of communities. It’s built on shared interests, passion, and trust, and is home to the most open and authentic conversations on the internet. Every day, Reddit users submit, vote, and comment on the topics they care most about. With 100,000+ active communities and approximately 126 million daily active unique visitors, Reddit is one of the internet’s largest sources of information. For more information, visit www.redditinc.com .
The Core Platform team facilitates millions of API requests running the Core API Platform for Reddit. Core Platform is responsible for the APIs that build our listings, enabling posts, comments, media and many more features and data models that are the sources of truth for Reddit.
As a Senior Engineer on this team, you’ll be a technical coach and mentor. You’ll draw on your technical expertise to ensure these systems have high uptime and strong performance while working with others to build a roadmap to match the needs of an ever growing engineering organization. You’ll work with your teammates to build and scale a media platform which will fuel the next wave of Reddit’s growth. Your work will directly impact hundreds of millions of users around the world.
Join us and help build the future of Reddit!
You will:
Develop and design new and innovative solutions to scaling Reddit
Build platform API projects that scale to the rest of the organization
Mentor and coach more junior engineers on your direct team to achieve our mission
Build, deliver, and operate services that scale to hundreds of thousands of transactions per second at 5+ 9’s of availability
Help us to optimize Reddit’s media experience for hundreds of millions of users across the world.
You have:
Software development experience in Golang or Python
5+ years of experience with large-scale, mission-critical distributed systems.
Excellent communication skills. You partner effectively with teams in a fully remote environment and discuss complex topics with technical and non-technical audiences.
Familiarity with API platform service architectures.
History of building clean, maintainable, and well-tested code.
Media delivery expertise from back end systems to the user.  Experience optimizing media performance, scalability, and delivery by improving different stages of the stack.
Benefits:
Comprehensive Healthcare Benefits and Income Replacement Programs
401k with Employer Match
Global Benefit programs that fit your lifestyle, from workspace to professional development to caregiving support
Family Planning Support
Gender-Affirming Care
Mental Health & Coaching Benefits
Flexible Vacation & Paid Volunteer Time Off
Generous Paid Parental Leave
# LI -Remote
Pay Transparency:
This job posting may span more than one career level.
In addition to base salary, this job is eligible to receive equity in the form of restricted stock units, and depending on the position offered, it may also be eligible to receive a commission. Additionally, Reddit offers a wide range of benefits to U.S.-based employees, including medical, dental, and vision insurance, 401(k) program with employer match, generous time off for vacation, and parental leave. To learn more, please visit https://www.redditinc.com/careers/ .
To provide greater transparency to candidates, we share base salary ranges for all US-based job postings regardless of state. We set standard base pay ranges for all roles based on function, level, and country location, benchmarked against similar stage growth companies. Final offer amounts are determined by multiple factors including, skills, depth of work experience and relevant licenses/credentials, and may vary from the amounts listed below.
The base salary range for this position is:
$190,800 - $267,100 USD
In select roles and locations, the interviews will be recorded, transcribed and summarized by artificial intelligence (AI). You will have the opportunity to opt out of recording, transcription and summarization prior to any scheduled interviews.
During the interview, we will collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers, Professional and Employment-Related Information, Sensory Information (audio/video recording), and any other categories of personal information you choose to share with us. We will use this information to evaluate your application for employment or an independent contractor role, as applicable.  We will not sell your personal information or disclose it to any third party for their marketing purposes.  We will delete any recording of your interview promptly after making a hiring decision.  For more information about how we will handle your personal information, including our retention of it, please refer to our Candidate Privacy Policy for Potential Employees and Contractors .
Reddit is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and is committed to building a workforce representative of the diverse communities