Back to jobs Staff Software Engineer - User Systems
Boston, MA Apply About SimpliSafe
We’re a high-tech home security company that’s passionate about protecting the life you’ve built and our mission of keeping Every Home Secure. And we’ve created a culture here that cares just as deeply about the career you’re building. Ours is a no ego culture of collaboration and innovation where those seeking their next challenge can find big opportunities and make a huge impact on the lives of all those who we protect. We don’t just want you to work here. We want you to grow and thrive here.
We’re embracing a hybrid work model that enables our teams to split their time between office and home. Hybrid for us means we expect our teams to come together in our state-of-the-art office on two core days, typically Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday – working together in person and choosing where they work for the remainder of the week. We all benefit from flexibility and get to use the best of both worlds to get our work done.
Why are we hiring?
Well, we’re growing and thriving. So, we need smart, talented, and humble people who share our values to join us as we disrupt the home security space and relentlessly pursue our mission of keeping Every Home Secure.
About the Role
We are seeking an exceptionally talented and hands-on Staff Backend Software Engineer to drive the technical direction and architecture of User Systems Platform. Our User Systems team develops and maintains our cloud based backend systems that power our native mobile applications.
This role is key to accelerating technical initiatives, focusing on complex cross-team efforts, delivering high-impact technical work, and fostering continuous engineering excellence.
Key Responsibilities
Own the design, review, and implementation of complex, large-scale, and highly available backend services and microservices.
Write high-quality, maintainable code and tackle the most challenging technical problems.
Define and drive improvements in performance, scalability, monitoring, and operational excellence, ensuring our systems meet demanding SLOs/SLIs.
Serve in an On-Call rotation as a first responder for systems owned by the team.
Work closely with Engineering Managers and Product Managers to define the long-term technical roadmap, identifying strategic investments in core infrastructure and managing technical debt.
Act as the lead technical mentor and coach for engineers, defining best practices, conducting rigorous code and design reviews, and raising the overall technical bar across the entire backend organization.
Lead technical collaboration and coordination across different teams, resolving major technical blockers, and standardizing shared services and technologies.
Drive key technical processes and project execution, including technical planning, and leading post-mortems for major incidents.
Required Skills & Qualifications
Extensive professional software engineering experience, with significant time spent leading technical projects and driving technical direction at Staff level.
Deep experience designing, building, and operating distributed, high-volume backend systems and REST/gRPC APIs.
Proficiency in at least one major programming language (e.g., JavaScript/TypeScript, Rust, Java, Go, Python, C#) with the adaptability to work with multiple languages.
Proven ability to architect solutions using modern patterns, including event-driven architectures, domain-driven design, and containerization (Docker, Kubernetes).
Strong knowledge of cloud platforms (e.g., AWS, GCP, Azure) and proficiency in operational tools for monitoring, logging, and CI/CD.
Great communication, documentation, and presentation skills, with experience influencing technical decisions across organizational boundaries.
Familiarity with Agile methodologies (Scrum or Kanban) and DevOps principles.
What Values You’ll Share
Customer Obsessed - Building deep empathy for our customers, putting them at the core of our work, and developing strong, long-term relationships with them.
Aim High - Always challenging ourselves and others to raise the bar.
No Ego - Maintaining a “no job too small” attitude, and an open, inclusive and humble style.
One Team - Taking a highly collaborative approach to achieving success.
Lift As We Climb - Investing in developing others and helping others around us succeed.
Lean & Nimble - Working with agility and efficiency to experiment in an often ambiguous environment.
What We Offer
A mission- and values-driven culture and a safe, inclusive environment where you can build, grow and thrive
A comprehensive total rewards package that supports your wellness and provides security for SimpliSafers and their families (For more information on our total rewards please click here )
Free SimpliSafe system and professional monitoring for your home.
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) that bring people together, give opportunities to network, mentor and develop, and advocate for change.
The target a