We're here to discuss your business needs.
Stripe logo Jobs
Jobs
Machine Learning Engineer, Capital Underwriting
Who we are
About Stripe
Stripe is a financial infrastructure platform for businesses. Millions of companies—from the world’s largest enterprises to the most ambitious startups—use Stripe to accept payments, grow their revenue, and accelerate new business opportunities. Our mission is to increase the GDP of the internet, and we have a staggering amount of work ahead. That means you have an unprecedented opportunity to put the global economy within everyone’s reach while doing the most important work of your career.
About the team
Stripe Capital provides access to fast, flexible financing to small-and-medium businesses on Stripe to accelerate their growth, and we lent over $1B in 2024. Businesses use the funds for marketing, team growth, geographic expansion, working capital, new equipment purchases, and much more.
Machine learning is core to Stripe Capital’s business—we use information about businesses from their activity within and outside of Stripe and our models to automatically underwrite uniquely tailored financing offers to their needs, which banks are often unable to do. We are doing so through models with an established performance history, data infrastructure that is Stripe scale, and a strong feedback loop that includes explainability, anomaly detection and a risk portfolio management layer. We're an end-to-end team going from ideas to models to shipping in production.
What you’ll do
As a machine learning engineer for Stripe Capital, you'll be responsible for designing, building, training, evaluating, deploying, and owning ML models in production with the goals of providing financing opportunities to as many users as possible while satisfying financial performance goals. You'll work closely with software engineers, data scientists, product managers, and risk managers to operate Stripe’s ML powered systems, features, and products. You'll also contribute to and influence ML architecture at Stripe and be a part of a larger ML community.
Responsibilities
Who you are
We are looking for ML Engineers who are passionate about building ML systems that touch the lives of millions. You have experience developing efficient feature pipelines, building advanced ML models, and deploying them to production. You are comfortable with ambiguity, love to take initiative, have a bias towards action, and thrive in a collaborative environment.
We’re looking for someone who can bring new ideas to the table on building models able to push the state of the art at Stripe, especially within the regulatory and operational constraints of a financing business.
Minimum requirements
Preferred qualifications
In-office expectations
Pay and benefits
The annual US base salary range for this role is $180,000 - $270,000. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. This salary range may be inclusive of several career levels at Stripe and will be narrowed during the interview process based on a number of factors, including the candidate’s experience, qualifications, and location. Applicants interested in this role and who are not located in the US may request the annual salary range for their location during the interview process.
Additional benefits for this role may include: equity, company bonus or sales commissions/bonuses; 401(k) plan; medical, dental, and vision benefits; and wellness stipends.
Office locations
South San Francisco HQ, or New York
Team
Banking as a Service
Job type
Full time
Please find our California applicant personal information notice here.
We look forward to hearing from you
Products & pricing
Solutions
Integrations & custom solutions
Developers
Resources
Company
Support