Title: Senior Backend Engineer - Java 

Real (Nasdaq: REAX) is a publicly traded, fast-growing global real estate brokerage powered by technology and driven by people. Since our founding in 2014, we’ve been reimagining the residential real estate experience. With operations across the U.S., Canada, India, and the District of Columbia, we’re leading the industry with our cutting-edge platform that empowers agents, simplifies the buying and selling journey, and unlocks greater financial opportunities.
At Real, we believe in pairing Tech x Humanity to create something truly different.
Learn more at https://www.onereal.com/
Schedule: MUST be willing to work Eastern (EST) time zone hours, regardless of location.
Job Summary:
As a Senior Backend Engineer, you will be reporting to the Vice President of Engineering and would be a key member of Real’s R&D team. You will operate in an AI-first environment leveraging tools like Claude Code to translate product ideas into production-ready systems. You will help lead the overall technical vision for all things back-end, implementing features, squashing bugs, and making improvements across our Java Spring Microservices. You would also drive adoption of AI-assisted development practices within the backend engineering team. If you are self-motivated and a tech expert to join a results-oriented team, we encourage you to join us.
This role is not just about writing code; it’s about:
Designing scalable systems
Validating and owning AI-assisted code
Driving technical excellence across the team
What You’ll Do:
Collaborate with other engineers through pairing sessions, code reviews, and knowledge sharing in our weekly Friday Dev Chats.
Mentor and lead junior engineers in software engineering methodology, design, and best practices.
Work with the product team and feature owners to understand requirements and see them through to execution and deployment.
What You’ll Bring:
You have extensive experience with Java 17+ (we are migrating toward Java 21), Spring Boot 3.x, JPA/Hibernate 6, and SQL relational databases.
You are comfortable writing unit and integration tests and maintaining strong code coverage
You have experience designing event-driven microservices and applying patterns such as Domain-Driven Design (DDD), hexagonal (ports & adapters) architecture, and CQRS.
You have in-depth knowledge of relational databases, including indices, connection pools, transactions (ACID), and implications of schema designs on performance
You have experience with NoSQL databases, understand their advantages and disadvantages, and know when to prefer one over a relational database.
You are opinionated in the direction that backend software development is going and will give recommendations and take the initiative for the long-term health of the project.
You have a keen eye for where to refactor and when, using standard design principles and patterns, and are excited to lead the team on the path to better code
You are welcoming to other engineers, have a collaborative attitude, and are excited to both learn and teach new knowledge
You enjoy working with a remote team that spans many different time zones and locations
You are comfortable in an agile, fast-paced startup environment where you work closely with product to understand how your work will fit into the larger project while acting on limited information
Our Tech Stack
Java 17+
Spring Boot 3.x+
Postgres
Kafka
DynamoDB
Redis
OpenSearch
AWS
Docker
Kubernetes
Datadog
ArgoCD
TeamCity
AI-Assisted Development
Real operates in an AI-first engineering environment - our backend engineers use AI coding assistants and agentic developer tools every day, wired into our internal systems.
Hands-on experience with AI coding assistants such as Claude Code, Cursor, and Codex (or similar) in real development workflows
Familiarity with agentic / CLI-based AI workflows and Model Context Protocol (MCP) integrations that connect AI tools to internal systems (e.g., GitHub, Datadog, issue tracking, SonarQube)
Experience applying AI to accelerate code review, test generation, and documentation, not just code completion.
Ability to critically evaluate generated code; identify incorrect or suboptimal outputs; refactor AI-generated code for production readiness
Strong judgment on when to use AI vs manual implementation; trade-offs between speed and correctness; validating and owning AI-assisted code before it ships to production
We are empowered through our strong test coverage to allow continuous delivery with multiple deploys per day.
Education and Experience:
BA/BS degree and 8+ years of related experience; or any combination of education and experience, which would provide an equivalent background
Must have experience in Spring/Spring Boot, Hibernate, and Relational Databases
A real estate background with transferable skills would be an asset
Demonstrated Project Coordination/Management skills
How We Work: Our Operating Principles
Our Operating Principles are the